July 7, 2019

Hi Jason,

Thanks for the photos!

I'll figure out where I put the certificate and mail it to Anish this week.

The trip to Quebec (and Labrador) was super remote although there was a surprising amount of parks infrastructure. I mean, not that much really, but more than 0, considering that the number of people who go there in a year is dozens (not even hundreds). Thunderbird is sort of complaining about the linked file but we'll see if it works.

I love the Maritimes (although people will say that Newfoundland and Labrador are actually Atlantic Canada and not the Maritimes). About 20 years ago we drove around NB and NS, although I've never gotten to Cape Breton Island, which I hear is nice. We didn't get to Halifax back then but just went this past year (so that I could hit E50k). On one of our trips we went to PEI for two days but got rained out while trying to camp (ie the water level inside the tent was rising...) bailed out to a hotel and got our money back from the campground the next day.

20 years ago we went to Digby and the islands nearby (where Derek Rayside's grandfather used to have a summer home). Probably the best scallops I've ever had.

On this most recent 2018 trip we flew to YHZ. Peggy's Cove is deservedly popular, and probably worth going to especially if you can get it when there are fewer people. 2km away is Polly's Cove which always has fewer people. I recommend that. We ended up going to Finer Diner after Peggy's Cove. It's OK but mostly convenient to Peggy's Cove.

We also did a hike at the Bluff Wilderness Hiking Trail, which was a different sort of scenery than the coastal scenery you usually get. Some grad students discovered organisms that are in a different kingdom of life: https://www.cbc.ca/news/technology/hemimastigotes-supra-kingdom-1.4715823

As for NL, I've only been on the east coast of NL, plus on the trip I just got back from, the high point of Labrador, Mt. Caubvick---accessed from Quebec. City things in St. John's are great but I don't have any non-guidebook recommendations. I do recommend getting out of town. So we went climbing at Flatrock. Even if you don't climb it's probably worth a visit. A neat thing happened: I took a picture of the Atlantic and then upon inspection with zoom I found whales.

https://gallery.patricklam.ca/index.php?/category/961
zoomable whales: https://www.cbc.ca/news/technology/hemimastigotes-supra-kingdom-1.4715823

I've been on some parts of the East Coast Trail. Going north wasn't that great (you can see the pictures) but the Spout Path is good, although legit challenging. Bell Island was also worth the ferry ride.

Here are the pictures from the Spout Path in 2007:

https://gallery.patricklam.ca/index.php?/category/909

I trust that you can find the things that are signature attractions (e.g. the Citadel). Less popular things: Maritime Museum of the Atlantic; we enjoyed dinner at Highwayman; the Halifax Farmer's Market was quite lively.

Have a good trip!

pat

